Features of react?
React is faster because of virtual dom. 1 way data binding. Jsx we can write html in react.


Why is 1 way data binding?
Data flows in 1 direction.

What is use of babel?
Babel converts to jsx to js object.

Difference between virtual dom and real dom?
Suppose line of code is changed , processing is done on particular line.
It will process the whole code in real dom. Virtual  dom is faster

React is framework or library
Library

What is use of Es6?
Features let, const, promises, callback,destructuring.

Different part of component in react.js?
Functional, class and higher order components

Which one is better ? Which is useful?
After hooks functional components as they are easier to test. Compare to class less line of code is written. Performance wise it will impact. 

Do you have experience with NodeJs?
Right now no. Learning

What is useState?
Used for tracking states. 

What is difference between controlled and uncontrolled component?
Controlled component - the input field is handled by react
Uncontrolled component - input field is handled by DOM.

What is prop drilling?
Props are passed from a is connected to b, b is connected c. We have to pass from a to b and b to c.

Can we create custom hooks?
Yes it is possible. I haven’t done much but it is possible.

Do you know react.strictmode ? Use?
It is used for showing problems in a application.

How to pass the data between components?
With props
With callback
With context api
With redux

Which one is better?
Redux

Redux is cache server? Yes
It is 3rd party right ? Yes

Have you worked with react router? How route works in react?

For browser.Homepage, contact with route path we can do it.

Have you worked with database side or front end side?

Mysql? What is left join?
Returns record from left side and common records from both the tables.

Upload application on server?

In few projects, main project manager there is some gap. We can directly communicate.

Important question. Are you interested in learning nodeJS. 
Learn node and become full stack developer.
